How dare you hit me?
I'll call the police to arrest you now
Okay, then I'll promote the fact that you got married and went on a blind date by the way.
Your wife will be very lively when she finds out
You talk nonsense because you often fuck
Your wife has come to the company to make trouble several times
I still have video on my phone.
Do you want me to take it out and show it to you?
I can testify
This Mr. Ma has always pestered me before
Today, I came to a blind date with Miss Xia again
I'll tell his wife exactly what happened
Why are you so disgusting?
You have a kind of Lin Feng
I'm not playing with you
Sooner or later I will settle the bill with you
I am responsible for all the projects under your control
I can shut down all projects with one call
Then you will even have to throw out the position of manager
Please give me the compensation quickly.
Otherwise, I will not only make you lose your job
And blocked by the entire industry
Lin Feng
I won't let you go.
Female Feng
Let's talk.
I have nothing to talk about with you
Please don't disturb my meal.
You actually don't want to talk to me now because of several women?
Yes, I already have a girlfriend.
Please don't disturb me, thank you.